0.13: Animatable trait and animation interpolation (#952)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/news/2024-02-03-bevy-0.13/index.md

TODO.

## Animation Interpolation Methods

<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @mockersf</div>

> Generally, animations are defined by their **keyframes**: snapshots of the position (and other state) or objects at moments along a time line?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, animations are defined by their **keyframes** which are snapshots of the position, other states, or objects at moments along a timeline.
```
Not sure if this change also changes the technical meaning trying to be conveyed. I also presumed the intent was to make a statement, not ask a question.

Author: ```suggestion
Generally, animations are defined by their **keyframes**: snapshots of the position (and other state) or objects at moments along a time line.
```

> But what happens between those keyframes? Game engines need to **interpolate** between them: smoothly transitioning from one state to the next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But what happens between those keyframes? Game engines need to **interpolate** between them, smoothly transitioning from one state to the next.
```

> The simplest interpolation method is linear: just move an equal distance towards the next keyframe every unit of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest interpolation method is linear where you just move an equal distance towards the next keyframe every unit of time.
```

Author: ```suggestion
The simplest interpolation method is linear: the object just moves an equal distance towards the next keyframe every unit of time.
```

But in modern game development, animation is a powerful shared set of tools and concepts for "changing things over time".
Transforms are just the beginning: colors, particle effects, opacity and even boolean values like visibility can all be animated!

In Bevy 0.13, we've taken the first step towards [this vision](https://github.com/bevyengine/rfcs/blob/main/rfcs/51-animation-composition.md),
with the [`Animatable`] trait.

```rust
/// An animatable value type.
pub trait Animatable: Reflect + Sized + Send + Sync + 'static {
    /// Interpolates between `a` and `b` with  a interpolation factor of `time`.
    ///
    /// The `time` parameter here may not be clamped to the range `[0.0, 1.0]`.
    fn interpolate(a: &Self, b: &Self, time: f32) -> Self;

    /// Blends one or more values together.
    ///
    /// Implementors should return a default value when no inputs are provided here.
    fn blend(inputs: impl Iterator<Item = BlendInput<Self>>) -> Self;

    /// Post-processes the value using resources in the [`World`].
    /// Most animatable types do not need to implement this.
    fn post_process(&mut self, _world: &World) {}
}
```

> This is the first step towards animation blending and an asset-driven animation graph: essential for shipping large scale 3D games in Bevy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the first step towards animation blending and an asset-driven animation graph; essential for shipping large scale 3D games in Bevy.
```

> But for now, this is a building block: we've implemented this for a few key types (`Transform`, `f32` and `glam`'s `Vec` types) and published the trait.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But for now, this is just a building block. We've implemented this for a few key types (`Transform`, `f32` and `glam`'s `Vec` types) and published the trait.
```
